welcome to fight news now extra I'm John
Pollock we've got all of the news
happening in mixed martial arts John
Randy no Robin block will be joining me
as we discuss more fighter reaction to
the Reebok deal Roger Gracie is making a
return but not to MMA and a former pride
in m1 fighter is sentenced to multiple
years in jail the impact of the Reebok
deal is going to be felt for months to
come for various fighters over the past
few days more have weighed in on the
situation including gegard mousasi who
tells Bloody Elbow that he is going to
be making four to five times less than
what he was making previously Massassi
has six fights inside of the UFC but
also fought three times for Strikeforce
after it was purchased by Zuffa and he
would qualify for five thousand dollars
under the new system from Reebok for his
next fight and then jumped to ten
thousand dollars for his fight after
that Roger Gracie recently spoke to
tommy in Brazil and said that he is
eyeing a return to jiu-jitsu competition
and is aiming to compete at the 2016
World Championships he said he wanted to
compete this year but was preparing for
a fight and that fight has since fallen
through and finally it was reported in
the Russian legal information agency the
33 year old Alexander Emelianenko has
been sentenced to four and a half years
in prison after being found guilty of
sexual assault the younger brother of
fade or was accused of raping a
housekeeper and then stealing her
passport and with the jail time he will
also be subjected to a fine of one
thousand dollars melee and ankle last
fought in january of last year and has
computer for pride and m1 challenge
during his career this Saturday night we
have a live pre-fight show heading into
UFC 187 it will be John Randy Robin
black and myself preparing you for UFC
180 7 with two championship fights and
then immediately following the main
event we will be live running through
the entire card from Las Vegas and
presenting the live post fight press
conference and i'm here with robin black
and a belated happy birthday to now 27
year old john Ramdeen do anything
special you know you're a weekend where
you had a very little little fights to
call
all or to watch on a Saturday night you
got a rare Saturday night off well I got
up early watched obviously watch the UFC
card with Faber and Edgar and a man
gegard mousasi who didn't look
particularly good on Saturday although
we did get the win over cost us Philip
who I think he's capable of more yeah
Costas Philippou I don't know it just
had 0answers 411 gegard mousasi but
gegard mousasi was in the news i mean
the latest fighter to talk about the
Reebok deal and surprise surprise under
door number 55 a fighter that is going
to be taking a reduced amount of
sponsorship dollars he says four to five
times less than what he's making and it
was just a very sad quote about you know
I've got outside businesses and this is
like a fun hobby I'm like it should not
be a fun hobby this should be a 24-7
lifestyle and one that comes with the
utmost dollars attached to it yeah this
is fighting true oh yeah but as we
talked about it in the past it seems
like when gegard mousasi steps inside of
the cage that there is zero stress with
this guy he doesn't feel the pressure of
that some other professional athlete I
know the next few part that's true but
and considering the fact that you know
Jacare did jacques grade did to him in
his last fight maybe he should be
concerned but he doesn't appear that way
in any of his fights yeah it is a
strange one but this everybody in the
world wants to be a professional athlete
or a model or a singer or talk about
fighting on TV so when people who do
those things don't get paid a lot of
money anymore there's the demand the
supply is very high everybody want they
call it content now everybody wants to
make content everybody's making content
there are more people providing
entertainment than there are waiting to
be entertained when that happens you
don't get paid a lot of money anymore
that's just the game the difference is I
you are not getting smashed in the head
right now is sit here and neither is the
the guy playing guitar or the woman
walking on a catwalk although she
probably has to take a lot of math to
stay that then but regardless like it's
your beer working so no attention you
almost strikes every so often yeah it
does well you know like you just don't
get paid that much to do things that
everybody wants to do anymore that's
just a reality I'm
saying it's good in fact I'm saying it's
terrible we all want to get paid more if
you provide some form of entertainment
but there's a hundred other people who
want to do it and people will keep
watching however gegard mousasi i think
was on the list for the top 10 highest
paid mixed martial arts athletes of last
year and this is a guy he's only 29 and
has found his place in MMA before he was
in the UFC he was getting paid top
dollars to compete in Strikeforce or to
compete in Japan so he's found a way to
make money and he's gonna be one of the
very few that gets to leave mixed
martial arts with a chunky girl they
found a way to make money and now he's
just lost that way yeah I know well you
leave the UFC and you get your
Bridgestone sponsorship back when you go
to Bellator but they don't they're not
gonna pay you as much because there
won't be as many eyeballs that's the
game we should also talk about to me a
news story that's one of the biggest of
the year and that are the new penalties
that Nevada has introduced and they are
very radical changes that where there is
going to be combined with the UFC
funding out-of-competition testing and
now the most stringent penalties in all
of careers for your first offense if you
are with anabolic steroids or diuretics
you are going to be first offense three
years yes we've talked a little bit
about that on the podcast and it's like
when the if you really want to get rid
of drugs you have to make it so bad that
they people go it's just not worth it if
it's not that bad it's like well I think
he might be on it because he has a good
doctor and I might make more money and
it's probably worth it now it's like the
tests are stringent and the penalties
are brutal it's not worth it you are
going to notice if you really watch a
lot of fights a lot of guys even ones
that you don't think are on steroids I
suddenly look at a little smaller and a
little softer and that's probably going
to be 15 to 20 the drop weight classes
in the next year and that's not a
judgment on him this was an environment
to be a judge me but there was an
environment that was created where it
was safer for these people to do it than
not do it that's been taken away now and
good on the UFC / doing that that's the
way to do it for all the talk about you
know we need more stringent drug testing
when there's an actual face attached to
one of these three year suspensions and
oh this is ruining this guy's career is
there going to be that sympathy factor
are we going to be as hard line when
there's a because i think this
a positive party upon I think you needed
this kind of radical change but when we
have a fight or pop up and he's suddenly
facing a three year suspension and his
livelihood is gone are we going to waver
I don't not true but at the same time
you've we were talking about it before
that there are certain athletes out
there that to have a lot of money and
that that can acquire the right doctors
to allow them to pass tests because they
have that money if you're a lower end
MMA fighter and you can't afford to pay
those options masking agents so then
it's in their fate oh it's a top 1% will
get the chance to do other stuff just
like in the real world it sucks but stop
with the huge suspensions for marijuana
that's crazy i'm hitting the desk all
right for Robin black John Ramdeen I'm
John Pollock more fight news now extra
is coming up